hey guys welcome to my channel today we
are in Harvard and we're going to talk
about universities that accept
international students without any exams
so if you are an international student
who wants to study in America please
continue watching this video
back to San Francisco
[Music]
typical lunch and horrid business called
sushi chicken fingers coffee and some
small salad $23 hey let me start by
explaining the tears of American
universities and colleges in America
there are more than 4,500 universities
and colleges great choice dear one I
will talk about top universities like
Harvard in order to get here where I'm
sitting this is Harvard Business School
you have to pass to men you have to pass
TOEFL and the acceptance rate is around
10% if you want to do your bachelor's in
Harvard the acceptance rate is around 6%
and you have to take SAT SAT subjects
TOEFL so there are a lot of exams and if
we're talking about top universities
like Harvard Stanford or MIT you just
have to take those exams there is no
program that would allow you to surpass
the exams so for these top universities
yes you have to take all of the exams
tier two these are universities that are
really good they are top 30 to 50 but
they have specific programs for
international students that allow you to
come to the University study there you
can study English you can study some
subjects and then you don't have to take
the exams in order to continue to our
education and these are the programs and
the universities I'm gonna talk about
more in this video Tier three mostly
community colleges are really low in
ranking the majority of them wouldn't
even require you to take to fall but
they as I mentioned really low in
rankings really sheep and sometimes you
even get a visa to study there because
the immigration officer might ask you oh
why have you decided to travel all the
way to America just to get education
this weird College because there are so
many good universities in your country
so I would always tell my students that
if you have a great university in your
country and you have an opportunity to
study there do you imagine us there and
then do a master's in a good university
in the United States
I'm Morty here in this building and I
just remember my time at the University
back in st. Petersburg when I had to do
some assignments in the university we
didn't have place to sit down like this
wouldn't have it I had to go to
cafeteria or if it was closed I had to
just work on the window I know the
cafeteria was closed I just had to work
somewhere on the window like set up
everything and write my assignments we
didn't have some like this like this
amazing room with fast internet really
quiet and really comfortable
[Music]
let me tell you a little more about the
pathway programs so we talked about
three types of universities I'm gonna
talk about tier two so those
universities that aren't good but that
also have phosphate programs on their
campuses what is the program about so
you are an international student you
probably have problems with English not
like huge problems but your English is
not enough to pass TOEFL to take your
GMAT etc so you come on campus where you
will study so you're thinking maybe I
should do masters in northeastern and
you come to Northeastern University you
spend a year there and you study on
campus you do English language classes
and you adapt yourself to American
system what's really different is that
for example when I came to Germany to
study that was like completely different
from what I've done in my university
because we had this it was it was a
seminar and we only had two lectures in
six months but the rest of the time I
had to prepare my own project in America
it's called assignment they give you an
assignment you do research and you
present it in front of the group if you
haven't done something like that in your
country facet program is extremely
useful so you do English into some
subjects and you learn how American
education works and you are already on
campus so once you finish the program
you have your summer break whatever and
then you start as a full-time student on
that exciting University this is the
easiest transition that you can think of
and yes you don't have to take any exams
your only task is not to fail that
program language chip has been on the
market since 2015 and I've done study
abroad since 2011 and I only had one
student who fail the program like this
is the program especially designed for
international students so once you
complete it no exams and you're a
full-time student in an American
University now I'm gonna talk a little
more about top four universities that
have this program for international
students the first University I'm gonna
talk about in this be
is called Northeastern University and I
just checked on google mess it's
actually a 16 minutes drive from where I
am right now in Harvard it's located in
Boston but I thought maybe was just stay
in Harvard because that's number one
University but northeastern is top 40
universities in the United States when I
look at universities I look at a
particular parameter that measures the
amount of students who find jobs within
six months after graduation so
northeastern this parameter is 92% 92%
of students find jobs when they graduate
from Northeastern and top employers
include Bank of America I be M Dell
Microsoft Google US Department of State
so there are top-tier employers and
computer science is really really strong
in Northeastern University so pay
attention to that parameter and also pay
attention to price so for example
northeastern pathway program they have
been running it for more than twenty
years which proves that the program
works the price varies so the minimum
price is around $14,000 and the program
lasts for months and the maximum is
$32,000 and the private program lasts
why this difference because you come to
the university with a different level of
English and the higher level is the
shorter the program is but yes this is
on campus this is a seamless transfer to
the program that you've chosen in
Northeastern so basically this is the
pathway by the way if you have any
questions about the programs I'm going
to leave a link below for a free
consultation please feel free to reach
out to my managers they're gonna help
you explain everything and answer your
questions the next University I'm gonna
talk about is faise University and as
you know I do some private consultations
and the most popular request is that
somebody wants to study either in Los
Angeles or New York so base university
is located downtown Manhattan when I was
in New York who was staying downtown and
Pace University was next to my hotel so
if you are in New York what does that
mean Wall Street is ten minute walk from
the University that means if you're
interested in finance you're gonna be
connected with top companies fashion
makeup industry it's all in New York top
tech companies have their offices like
Google what's particular about Pace
University first they provide at least
9,000 internships for their students
which means that you study and you work
for a big company this means you have an
extra line in your resume you have extra
experience and you can make some extra
money don't forget that if you're an
international student in America you can
work up to 20 hours a week on campus or
you can do an internship in another
company if that's approved by your
department
by three programs in base University
last from four months to 12 months and
the prices range from $11,000 to $36,000
and what's really important about bathra
programs for you to understand is that
when you have a lot of questions like
how do I make my resume to submit to a
potential employer
how do I open a bank account how do I
transfer how do I change University you
have a dedicated academic advisor who's
gonna help you with that it's gonna help
you adapt to the American system I came
to a library and I feel this huge urge
to study I just see all the books and I
just want to sit there with a cup of tea
take a book and fry things down this
this atmosphere just makes you want to
study this is greater the next
University I'm going to talk about in
this video it's called a University of
South Florida I actually looked at it
when I was a choosing University for my
MBA in my Master's guess where it's
located he hurts in Florida is located
in South Florida which means no winter
no snow but this is not the most
important thing about the university it
has stopped 65 universities according to
the times and the rankings that you
should pay attention to I'm sorry I'm
just whispering because this is a really
silent room and everybody's reading to
enjoy something and I'm the logging it's
not like the most people friendly thing
to do but rankings that you should pay
attention to Financial Times they don't
all come all kinds of ratings like
Higher Education MBA my favorite friend
Frankie my favorite ranking is US News
com they also do a lot of different
rankings this university is also top 11
by the number of issued patents and it's
also really good and almost everything
they have good architecture finance
economics management music even religion
by the way if you're a sportsman there
a lot of Olympic champions studying in
the University of South Florida because
they do a lot of scholarships so you
have success in your country in doing
sports there is a good chance you can
study for free but I will leave a link
to consultation below Julia is one of
the students came to the United States
on a sports scholarship and she already
got the American passport so this is a
pretty common program the pathway
program in the University of South
Florida costs $20,000 and lasts from
August to May
[Music]
when my favorite places on Harvard's
campus is the Business School and this
is one of the most famous buildings if
you see any photos from Harvard they
would probably feature that building
behind me and I just want to continue
talking about university of south
florida here more than 76 percent of
their students receive salaries that are
more than $50,000 a year and up sorry
student scratches and more than 32
percent received more than $100,000 a
year by the way when I was applying for
my oh and Lisa thank you for noses I
asked my lawyer what is considered
average salary in the United States and
he said Marina about thirty five
thousand is considered more than average
we have to switch location because it's
too loud but yeah that was the
University of South Florida if you have
any questions for example what I love
about universities in America is that
you can come to any campus just like
that meet students talk to students dine
with them in cafeterias even sometimes
participate in the lectures if these are
big lectures but know like the small
ones and this is something you can do if
you're not yet sure where you want to
study you just come to the campus and
you just walk around you think is it for
me or is it none unless University L
wanna talk about this videos Colorado
State University this is a university
that is located in a town where public
transportation is free this is like a
fun fact for you another cool thing is
that Colorado is the second state in
terms of employment satisfaction rates
so for example California yes the
salaries are really high but at the same
time in order to rent a one-bedroom
apartment in San Francisco you have to
pay four thousand dollars but in
Colorado the rent is cheaper the
salaries are a little lower but this you
know this feeling that you can spend a
lot of money on yourself no just rent
insurance and like all of the utilities
that you have to pay so Colorado is
number two and it's always like top ten
places to live especially that place
where the university is located I've
recently seen this ranking about living
California and it was like
like no no no guys you're wrong oh by
the way very important it's always up to
you like people will have a lot of
opinions that would be a lot of rankings
but the University where you're gonna
study this is just your own choice
nobody can make it for you and this is
your own responsibility so when I was
choosing the university I wasn't really
paying attention to the ringing singing
war I was watching youtube videos I was
trying to figure out where do people
work I was trying to figure out whether
that place is for me like Harvard is
number one but it's not for everyone not
everybody wants to be in this
competitive environment maybe you want
to study and run a company so there are
different kinds of university please
take the decision seriously a cool fact
about Colorado State University is that
eighty four percent of its graduates
actually work in a field that they've
studied like this is so rare all of my
friends work in different fields and
this means that the education is really
practical people know what they're doing
Colorado State University is ranked
number 58 in the ranking of state
universities and if you wanted to the
pathway program there it's gonna cost
around $27,000 it starts in August and
finishes in May again the price varies
depending on your level of English that
was it guys for today I hope you enjoyed
walking around Harvard with me you know
we have just one life and it's important
to take the best it's important to
research your options like the more you
research the more options you know about
and the better decisions you can make so
if you agree with the statement please
like this video if you're not yet
subscribed to this channel the red
button below I'm waiting for your
questions down in comments let me know
what you think and let me know where you
want to study like what university is
the University of your dreams thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog
waiting for your feedback and if you
need consultation the link will be below
please call our managers they are so
happy to help see you soon bye